README and press release completed (#1)
bikeshaman/smart-seeds: README.md

# Smart Seeds
*Garden planning, organization, and maintenance tool*

Smart Seeds helps you plan, organize, and maintain your perfect garden by keeping track of all your plants and providing useful, detailed information about their needs and maintenance.

## Table of Contents

1. [Features](#features)
1. [Developing](#developing)
1. [Deploying](#deploying)
1. [Contributing](#contributing)
1. [Links](#links)

## Features

- Create a garden from scratch
- Add and remove plants, view plant details, update the status of a plant, and leave notes about a garden

## Developing

Setting Smart Seeds up for development is quick and easy.

> First, be sure to have [MongoDB](https://docs.mongodb.com/manual/installation/) (@ version 4+), [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) (@ version 11+), and [yarn](yarnpkg.com) installed. Next, fork the repository, and oon your development machine run the following commands.

Author: Fix a typo, update Node version, add version to yarn requirement.

```suggestion
First, be sure to have [MongoDB](https://docs.mongodb.com/manual/installation/) (@ version 4+), [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) (@ version 12+), and [yarn](yarnpkg.com) (@ version 1.17+) installed. Next, fork the repository, and on your development machine run the following commands.
```
